Improve CI docs (#669)
rust-lang/rust-forge: src/infra/docs/rustc-ci.md

# How the Rust CI works

Rust CI ensures that the master branch of rust-lang/rust is always in a valid state.

A developer submitting a pull request to rust-lang/rust, experiences the following:

> * A small subset of tests and checks are run on each commit to catch common errors.

Reviewer: Nit: Can we stick to a consistent style for lists? The rest of the document seems to use `  -` as the prefix for lists. (Long-term, I really want to auto-format Markdown with Prettier 😬)

* When the PR is ready and approved, the "bors" tool enqueues a full CI run.

> * The full run is either performed or the PR is "rolled up" with other changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The full run either queues the specific PR or the PR is "rolled up" with other changes.
```

  time thanks to Docker image caching.
- Users can run the same tests in the same environment locally by just running
  `src/ci/docker/run.sh image-name`, which is awesome to debug failures.

> - Forces the use of portable scripts to drive the CI process which keeps the CI fairly platform independent (i.e., we are not overly reliant on GitHub Actions).

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is true. We could've also built our CI with portable scripts that run inside a VM.

I might move this into its own paragraph and add another sentence or two explaining that portability is an explicit design goal. How we achieve portability is to rely on shell scripts and Docker, and use GitHub Actions only for orchestration.

I.e. most/all (?) steps on GitHub Actions call a script, instead of running a command directly:

```yaml
- run: build.sh
```

vs.

```yaml
- run: cargo build
```

That's at least my understanding.

Reviewer 2: Correct, everywhere we can we invoke shell scripts. The only exception is running code before cloning the repository.

at the same time, when the results are green master is fast-forwarded to that
merge commit.

> The `auto` branch and other branches used by bors live on a fork of the rust-lang/rust: [rust-lang-ci/rust]. This as originally done to some security limitations in GitHub Actions. These limitations have been addressed, but we've not yet done the work of removing the use of a fork.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `auto` branch and other branches used by bors live on a fork of rust-lang/rust: [rust-lang-ci/rust]. This was originally done due to some security limitations in GitHub Actions. These limitations have been addressed, but we've not yet done the work of removing the use of the fork.
```

Unfortunately testing a single PR at the time, combined with our long CI (~3
hours for a full run)[^1], means we can’t merge too many PRs in a single day, and a
single failure greatly impacts our throughput for the day. The maximum number
of PRs we can merge in a day is around 8.

> The large CI run times and requirement for a large builder pool is worth it because it: 

Reviewer: Aren't these benefits of always building an artifact with the `dist-` builders? Which in turn requires longer build times and more builders?

* allows perf testing even at a later date 
* allows bisection when bugs are discover later
* ensures release quality since if we're always releasing, we catch problems very early

Bors [runs on ecs](https://github.com/rust-lang/simpleinfra/blob/master/terraform/bors/app.tf) and uses a sqlite database running in a volume as storage.

> [^1]: As of December 2022, the bottleneck are the macOS builders. Hopefully faster macOS builders will be coming soon!

Reviewer 3: Small nit: We recently got larger macOS builders. The current bottleneck, by a very large margin, is dist-x86_64-linux and dist-x86_64-linux-alt (I believe because they are doing BOLT and PGO).
